Traveler User Story:

Home Page

As a traveler, I want to see information describing insurance that I can purchase for my flight, so that I know what product is being sold.

As a traveer, I want to see a form that allows me to input my flight number, departure date, and a button to search, so that I can select the insurance for that flight.

New Page - purchasing insurance

As a traveler, I want to see a summary of my flight that I’m thinking of purchasing insurance for, so that I can make an informed decision about whether or not I want to actually purchase the insurance.

As a traveler, I want to see an option that I can click on, so that I can select a specific insurance policy for my flight.

As a traveler, I want to see a submit button, so that I can finalize my purchase.

Login/Registration Page

As a traveler, I want to see a form that allows me to register my email and password, so that I can create an account linked to my policies.

As a traveler, I want to see on the form that I can log in to my existing account.

As a traveler, I want to see a submit button, so I know that my account will be created.

Show Page - all their flights

As a traveler, I want to see all policies, so that I can stay informed.


Investor User Story:

Login/Registration/Home

As an investor, I want to see forms to allow me to register or log in as a current investor, so that I can purchase new bonds or manage current portfolio.

As a new investor, I want to see a title or info about what product is being sold on this site.

New Page

As an investor, I want to see a list of bonds that you can purchase, so that you can add them to your portfolio.

As an investor, I want to see a submit button that allows me to finalize my purchase, so that I can add it officially to my portfolio.

Show Page

As an investor, I want to see my account information and my current portfolio bonds, so that they can be managed.

As an investor, I want to see a button that allows me to edit my account information.

As an investor, I want to see a button that allows me to add additional bonds to my portfolio.

As an investor, I want to see buttons that allow me to “sell” my bond(s) to another investor, so that I can get rid of bonds that I don’t want in my portfolio. 

Edit Page

As an investor, I want to see my current email, password, and a separate field to change my information, so that I can change my information.
